before we start don't forget if you want
to buy any of the players featured in
the footsie 100 make sure you check out
fifa coins com they were cheap and
reliable service and they're fully
automated which means you'll get your
coins very quickly hi guys welcome back
to the footsie 102 count down the top
hundred players gold players in the
footsie 100 but just throwing off for
gold players for this first hundred then
we're going to move on to bronze
Silver's in forms and even legend cards
okay my name's Spencer we've got dirty
Mike talking to us via satellite in
texas USA say hello dirty hello dirty
but in all seriousness what's happenin
Spencer's get into the countdown I'm
geeked up we've got some players to talk
about and let's crack on we've done up
to 40 of position now so today's episode
we'll be counting down from 4231 let's
go okay in 40 position a pretty popular
player in all my team this year it's
Soldado from Tottenham in the English
Premier League is rated at 84 will cost
around 1100 coins and has a points per
game score of naught point 931 meaning
he gets a goal or an assist in around
ninety three percent of the games he
plays in next up in 39th position is
another striker and a player that
Arsenal wish they'd signed last summer
instead he plays for Napoli in the Syria
and his Argentinian is he gwine just
like Soldado he's an 84 rated any cost
around 1100 coins so they're very good
players to compare and he just
marginally pip Soldado in the points per
game stakes as he gets naught point 932
as a scorer in thirty eighth position is
an ivorian striker who plays for
Galatasaray in the Turkish league its
Didier Drogba he's 83 rated and costs
around 2000 2100 coins member that
prices an average taken from the lowest
buy it now prices on xbox and
playstation consoles and drogba has a
points per game score of North Point 93
for the same score as the next player on
the list Loic Remy loic remy is coming
in at Northpoint 934 he's obviously
French peasant Premier League for new
costs or very popular because of his
pace he's 80 rated and he can be bought
for around 3400
and let's just go over to dirty Mike now
to hear what you think about these
players so dardo higway in drug but and
remi all similar price brackets and
similar performance that's as well
whistle dodo egg ye minh Drogba you're
losing some counter-attack with these
hold up type of players verse someone
like Remy who is ready to outrun the
opposition he's a sweaty players got
forced our skill moves kind of a heavy
first touch but I've always been a
little bit surprised as we've gone down
and each step of the countdown and we
still see so many guys that don't have
necessarily the sweat on sweat on sweat
verse some of the pace of your players
and they're still making a difference
they're still being a vision they're
still scoring goals ok on to 36 position
now another Ivorian striker this one is
dumb bia he's eighty rated and will only
cost around 850 coins he plays for CSKA
Moscow in the Russian league and as a
points per game score of naught point
937 meaning in almost ninety four
percent of his games he gets a goal or
an assist next up in thirty fifth
position is a Brazilian striker from the
Portuguese league called Lema is eighty
rated you can get him for just eight
hundred coins and he has a points per
game score of naught point 944 next up
in thirty fourth position Nava striker
from Bayer Leverkusen he's German and
his name Stefon cry sling I think you
said Chi sling I think I say say it not
cry bling hi sling he's 81 rated and
cost around seven hundred coins and he
has an identical points per game score
to his predecessor Lima nor point 944 ok
big name coming up now in thirty third
position of a striker from the Premier
League place a Manchester United and
Holland is Robin van Persie 89 rated and
coming in at a price of just under 80
grand eighty thousand coins he has a
points per game score of North Point 956
you can only imagine that score would be
a lot higher if he had a right foot Mike
what you're thinking about robin van
persie coming in so early again an
expensive player yeah not million coins
but still well over fifty thousand coins
and he's alongside players costing seven
hundred coins they are performing to the
same ability absolutely spent RVP at
number 33 I think is doing him a favor I
find him to be a bit overrated for an 89
over
play or someone that averages out around
80,000 coins he's got a cannon of a shot
anytime you can get it on his dominant
left foot you're going to score goals
but he turns relatively slow he's not
that fast the four-star skill moves they
just don't come out that quickly and
I've been a little bit disappointed
using our vp this year okay just two
more players left to go today and in 30
second position another Premier League
strike and this one from Senegal and
playing for newcastle is Papiss Cisse
he's rated at 79 and cost as little as
seven hundred coins with a points per
game score of naught point 976 he's
outperforming van persie who costs a lot
lot more and today's last entry into the
footsie 100 is a player that place of
PSG as a striker in Liga and his French
and his popular again because of the
fact that he can be used in squads with
the likes of Ibrahimovic and Falcao it's
jeremy menez he's 77 rated and could be
picked up for around 850 coins and he
has a points per game score of naught
point nine eight seven Mike that
concludes today's episode some big names
came out today I van Persie probably
being the biggest how are you feeling
now we're approaching the top 30 the
footsie 100 there's still a few big
names left but there's also a few big
names over already gone so there's
probably going to be some shocks in it
in the remaining 30 right in this recast
fence i want to bring light on some
players that deserve some recognition
we've got doom bia and he's amazing
place in the Russian league should be in
your starting eleven every single time
you make a squad builder from Russia or
you're putting together something from
the Ivory Coast he beats offside trap
he's fast he could finish with both feet
he jumps well he's strongly as for star
skill moves you name it he can do it
we've also got Lima one of those hidden
gems that a lot of people don't give
enough time and investment into somebody
who's so cheap and easy to link up that
league has so many amazing player
especially at the non rare level as
whether you're looking at wingers you
need cams you need strikers who
portuguese league might be your place to
go we've also got papa SI SE coming in
ahead of lloyd remy and i think that's a
very big surprise I would have never
penciled that in if I was making some
predictions and man has at number 31
he's so easy to link up with guys like
Lavezzi Ibrahimovic Cavani lucas you get
green
links immediately at chemistry is very
important in fut but back to you Spence
we've got a lot more on the way and I am
juiced up i'm excited thanks mark as
always st michael texas fifa
correspondent pro player and youtube a
fishy ando I've been Spencer thanks for
watching the 5100 once again subscribe
so you don't miss that next episode
leave a comment and drop a like on the
video if you're enjoying the concept
i'll see you next time bye for now